Finish sessiondiscovery section (#324)
HL7/fhircast-docs: docs/specification/STU2.md

1.0 | Initial Release
---

## Glossary

> * A session results from a user logging into an application and can encompass one or more workflows. 

Author: ```suggestion
* session: an abstract concept representing a shared workspace, such as user's login session over multiple applications or a shared view of one application distributed to multiple users.  A session results from a user logging into an application and can encompass one or more workflows.
```

* topic: an identifier of session
* current context: data associated with a session at a given time and is communicated between clients that share a session.

> * client: subscribes to and sends/received session events

Reviewer: Should it be "sends/receive**s**" session events?

> * client: subscribes to and sends/received session events

Author: ```suggestion
* client: subscribes to and requests or receives session events
```

> * session events: contain a data of the current context

Reviewer: /"a data"? Could this be reworded?

> * session events: contain a data of the current context

Author: ```suggestion
* session events: a user-initiated workflow event, communicated to clients, containing the current context
```
